All I'm sayin' is Boston women are are, on the whole, a paler, uglier sort than women from the elsewheres of life.
The fact that you have to say they're not that bad means that they are that bad. They turn into drunk, half-white, half- pink monsters after 2 hours at any beach.
Jesus, this is weak. It's not even gettin' me high. I gotta have a talk with my weed guy.
No, I know this guy a long time. I've known him since 9/11. Remember, I was like, "Aw, shit. 9/11. I gotta get high."
Oh, fuck me. Nice.
No, John. It's a bad idea. And it's the wrong time. What with the economy and... the credit bubble... the Supreme Court... I mean, look at Haiti.
Oh. Okay. Are we having homos over for dinner or something?
Hey Johnny, while you're up, grab me a beer, huh?
No, it's gotta have a "ski" at the end. Otherwise where's the challenge? If there's no "ski" at the end of the root word, then we would just be idiots saying nonsense.
Yeah, she's passed out in the bathroom now, she seemed like she was hopped up on somethin'. I mean, mystery solved, I guess.
God, there are some fucked up fish out there.
Jesus, look at that one. Mister tough guy fish. (tough guy voice:) "Hey! Whatsa big idea? Cold fusion? Well that is a big idea, I beg pardon!" Look at that guy. WASP-y white guy fish. (tight-ass white guy voice:) "I don't care for some of Conan O'Brien's humor. I don't like Irish humor. And this food is too flavorful. I don't care for flavor in my food."
I'm a special case. I'm a fucking talking bear. They might make an exception `cause they're all like, "Aaa! This bear can talk and do stuff! Let's give him a job and maybe he'll give us a few laughs," but then they're surprised at what a stellar performance I'm turnin' in. And then they practically have to give me the Anderson case.
Well, I'm a former celebrity with a minimum wage job. This must be what the cast of Different Strokes feels like.
Fuck you. Why do you have to take it so far? Now it's real. Fuck you again for that. C'mon, let's go find a better place to get stoned.
They exit. After a beat, the pigeon flies into frame, slamming right into a fucking tree.
Yeah. Very cute. You know what I'd like to do to her? Somethin' I call a Dirty Fozzie. Ted waves to the girl. She waves back. He makes a kissy face at her. She giggles and blows him a kiss back. He pantomimes hard, thrusting, standing-up sex. Her eyes widen for a beat, as she stares, then smiles. He grabs an Oh Henry bar, and pantomimes fellatio. The girl laughs hysterically. CLOSE ANGLE on Ted, as white liquid sprays all over his face from one side, then from the other. WIDEN to reveal he's squirting two bottles of pump hand soap on either side of him. The girl laughs and shakes her head "no."
It's-- it makes you cerebral. Like Kennedy. Kennedy was smart. That's what it refers to. Decisions under pressure. Cuban missile crisis. Go on, spark it up.
There's an Asian family next door, but they don't have a gong or nothin', so it's fine.
Hey, isn't this great? The four of us here, having dinner together? Lori, how've you been? Haven't seen you in forever.